### **(V.2.6.5 Changes) (1.16.5 Minecraft)**

##### Mod Compat:
Productive Bee's Honey Treat now should work properly with their gene stuff while also giving The Bumblezone's Protection of the Hive.


### **(V.2.6.4 Changes) (1.16.5 Minecraft)**

##### Entities:
Beehemoth speed can not be changed by config in the world's serverconfig folder in the_bumblezone-general.toml
Base speed for Beehemoth was slightly buffed.

Holding down Space (jump button) while riding Beehemoth will make the bee fly upward.

Fixed bug where you could feed Beehemoth to surpass the 1000 point limit on friendship.
Capped at 1000 not and cannot be lowered below -100 too.


### **(V.2.6.3 Changes) (1.16.5 Minecraft)**

##### Lang:
Updated ru_ru.json translations. Thank you Tkhakiro!

##### Entities:
Beehemoth now follows players when they hold any item that is in forge:items/buckets/honey tag.

##### Mod Compat:
Added Cyclic's honey bucket to forge:items/buckets/honey tag within Bumblezone.

Also, be sure to update Productive Bees to their latest version so that their honey bucket is also placed into forge:items/buckets/honey tag.


### **(V.2.6.2 Changes) (1.16.5 Minecraft)**

##### Blocks:
Fixed Beehive Beeswax block not dropping anything. Sorry about that. I forgot to rename loot table when i renamed the block.


### **(V.2.6.1 Changes) (1.16.5 Minecraft)**

##### Entities:
Fixed Beehemoth not spawning naturally in Bumblezone biomes outside Honey Cave Room structures.

##### Structures:
Increased spawnrate of HoneyCave Room structure.


### **(V.2.6.0 Changes) (1.16.5 Minecraft)**

##### Entities:
Added Beehemoth, a giant ridable bee, from CarrierBees mod. Special thanks to the developers for allowing the new mob to have a home in The Bumblezone!
The devs who made Beehemoth originally are: Aranaira, Alexthe666, and Nooby!
Beehemoth can be tamed with bee feeding items such as Honey Buckets or Honey Bottles and other honey stuff.
However, they will only follow you if you hold Honey Buckets.
If you feed them, you can eventually tame them, put on a saddle, and ride them!
The more you feed and ride them, the more friendship they get which makes them move faster.
When friendship is finally maxed out, Beehemoth becomes a Queen Beehemoth and can fly at maximum speed!
However, friendship will decrease if Beehemoth takes damage from any source and if they lose all friendship, they will become untamed and unhappy. :(
They spawn in the Bumblezone rarely but Honey Cave Rooms have 2 always.

##### Items:
Texture for Honey Slime Spawn Egg is changed to be easier to identify. Especially for colorblind folks.

##### Worldgen:
Fixed some cases where candles in Bee Dungeons and Spider Infested Bee Dungeons can be floating.

##### Mod Compat:
Caves and Cliffs Backport's candles can now be found in Bee Dungeons and Spider Infested Bee Dungeons.


### **(V.2.5.2 Changes) (1.16.5 Minecraft)**

##### Lang:
Special thanks to Tkhakiro for helping to update the ru_ru.json translations!

Special thanks to mc-kaishixiaxue for helping to update the zh_cn.json translations!

##### Items:
Fixed several usages where I was not giving the right item to the player's inventory such as using a water bucket on
a Honey Crystal was not giving players an empty bucket afterwards. Now it will.

##### Blocks:
Fixed Honey Crystal block to properly implement IWaterLoggable so it interacts with other mods better for fluid adding/extracting.
Honey Crystal block can no longer be filled with fluid while in the Nether now and when placing the block in creative mode,
the block can only be waterlogged if placed in a water-tagged fluid source block. Otherwise, you need water-tagged buckets to
waterlog the block by hand or dispenser or by other mod's machines and stuff.


### **(V.2.5.1 Changes) (1.16.5 Minecraft)**

##### Fluids:
Restrict values on properties for Honey Fluid to try and prevent a crash if a mod or the game tries to get a level 9 fluid when Honey Fluid only goes up to 8.


### **(V.2.5.0 Changes) (1.16.5 Minecraft)**

##### Developers:
Mod jar name was changed so to download bumblezone from the nexus.resourcefulbees maven, you would use this new format instead:
implementation fg.deobf("com.telepathicgrunt:Bumblezone:<modversion>+1.16.5")

##### Translations:
Special thanks to mcBegins2Snow for helping to clean up some zh_cn.json translations!

Special thanks to WeirdNerd for helping to complete the pt_br.json translations!

Note, I need people to help add translations for the new Blocks, Fluids, and Items added in this update for The Bumblezone. Contact me if you're interest!red

##### Blocks:
Added Pile of Pollen block!
Gives off pollen particles when any entity walks through it and slows down the entity based on how high the pile is.
Is a falling block that can be used to blind players or to hide (players cannot see through the block when inside).
Unpollinated bees will become pollinated when they touch the block (decreases the pile by 1 layer) (modded bees can be added to the the_bumblezone:pollen_puff_can_pollinate tag that controls what bee can be pollinated).
Pandas in the block will sneeze significantly more often.
Breaking the block gives a little bit of Pollen Puff item but Fortune increases the drops. Shovels is the best tool for this block.
Redstone Comparators can measure the amount of layers this block has for contraptions.

Honeycomb Brood blocks can be feed items from the the_bumblezone:bee_feeding_item tag.

Adjusted texture for Sticky Honey Residue and Sticky Honey Redstone.

Sticky Honey Redstone now gives off a light level of 1 when activated.

Fixed sideways Honey Crystal not rotating properly when spawned by rotated nbt builds.

Dispensers now only allow Honey Bottle, Sugar Water Bottle, and Honey Bucket to feed Honeycomb Brood Blocks if those items are in the the_bumblezone:bee_feeding_item tag.

##### Items:
Added Pollen Puff item!
Can be thrown like a snowball but will not deal any damage or pushback.
When it hits a block, it will try to spawn a Pile of Pollen block (if in midair, it'll turn into a falling block)
Will make pandas sneeze if thrown at them.
If it hits an unpollinated bee, it will pollinate them (modded bees can be added to the the_bumblezone:pollen_puff_can_pollinate tag that controls what bee can be pollinated)
If it hits a flower, the flower may reproduce! (see the block tags for thw two tags that control what flowers can be reproduced by Pollen Puff)

Added Honey Fluid Bucket!
Can be crafted from 1 Bucket + 3 Honey Bottles and when doing 1 Honey Bucket + 3 Glass Bottles, it can be crafted back into 3 Honey Bottles.
Can place Honey Fluid anywhere and can be obtained by using a Bucket on a Honey Fluid source block.
If used on an adult bee, it will fully heal the bee and set it and all bees within 10 blocks into love mode.
If used on a child bee, it fully heals the bee and has a chance of growing the child bee into an adult.
Using Honey Bucket on Porous Honeycomb block will turn it and 2 neighboring Porous Honeycomb blocks into Filled Porous Honeycomb blocks.
Using Honey Bucket on Honeycomb Brood block will fully grow the larva straight to its final stage.
Works with Dispensers too!

##### Fluids:
Fixed Sugar Water Fluid overlay being applied based on player's feet instead of if their eyes are actually in the fluid.

Added Honey Fluid!
Flows slowly in a unique way downward but does not renew itself like Water does.
Heals bees that touch the fluid while slowing all mobs in it.
Non-player mobs, fishing bobbers, and boats sink in the honey fluid making it a nasty tasty trap!
Reacts with lava to create Sugar Infused Stone/Sugar Infused Cobblestone.
Source blocks can be picked up by bucket or turned into a non-source block by using a glass bottle on it.

##### Entities:
Right clicking a pollinated bee while holding a water bottle, wet sponge, or water bucket in your hand will unpollinate the bee and drop a Pollen Puff item!

Fixed feeding bees bucket items gives you a bowl back instead.

Bottles, buckets, or bowls added to the the_bumblezone:turn_slime_to_honey_slime tag will put their empty item into your inventory now.

the_bumblezone:turn_slime_to_honey_slime tag now has honey bucket.

Buzzier Bees Honey Wand now should be able to take honey from Honey Slimes.

##### Worldgen:
Converted the Honeycomb Hole feature in the walls of the dimension to be now an nbt feature.
You can change the shape and blocks of those holes with a datapack that replaces its nbt file or its processors!

Added Pollinated Fields and Pollinated Pillar biomes with lots of piles of pollen!

Added Pollinated Stream structure to Pollinated Fields and Pollinated Pillar biomes as a fun small tunnel to explore.

Added Honey Cave Room structure to Pollinated Pillar biomes as a big cool room to find naturally spawned Honey Fluid!


### **(V.2.4.11 Changes) (1.16.5 Minecraft)**

##### Sounds:
flight_of_the_bumblebee_rimsky_korsakov and honey_bee_rat_faced_boy music is now mono so that the Music Discs work properly in Jukeboxes.
  Special thanks to a friend who pointed out this issue and helped convert and compress the sound files!

##### Effects:
Turned on optimization to make Wrath of the Hive grow nearby Honeycomb Brood Blocks with less performance impact.

##### Mod Compat:
Added Better Beekeeping's honey bottles into Bumblezone's bee feeding items tag. 


### **(V.2.4.10 Changes) (1.16.5 Minecraft)**

##### Mod Compat:
* Fixed crash when trying to use the blacklist to stop spawning some Resourceful Bees in Bumblezone


### **(V.2.4.9 Changes) (1.16.5 Minecraft)**

##### Enchantments:
* Fixed Comb Cutter enchantment so it appears in enchantment table only for Swords and Books and only if the cost of the enchantment is 13 or less.
  This help solve the problem of some mods making curses able to show up in enchanting table which caused Comb Cutter to be applied to any tool.


### **(V.2.4.8 Changes) (1.16.5 Minecraft)**

##### Teleportation:
* Exiting and entering Bumblezone will show a message to just the teleporting player that they are being teleported
  
* Any living entity including players and mobs can enter the Bumblezone by being pushed into a Bee Hive or Bee Nest block by an activated Piston

* Any living entity can now exit the Bumblezone
  
* Fixed player not teleporting to closest bee hive block if the block is at sea level

##### Lang:
* Added Spanish translation donated by another person

##### Misc:
* Compressed one of the sound files by a large amount


### **(V.2.4.7 Changes) (1.16.5 Minecraft)**

##### Misc:
* Now I hard depend on v36.1.3 or newer Forge explicitly due to me using a newer Forge event.
  This should help prevent crashes due to people using a too old Forge version.


### **(V.2.4.6 Changes) (1.16.5 Minecraft)**

##### Mod Compat:
* Added config option to turn off trade compat with Charm, Buzzier Bees, and Reosurceful Bees villager trades.


### **(V.2.4.5 Changes) (1.16.5 Minecraft)**

##### Blocks:
* Fixed Sticky Honey Residue and Sticky Honey Redstone having the wrong hitbox when placed on the sides. 

##### Teleportation:
* Increased search radius for beehives when leaving Bumblezone.

* Fixed bug where client side visual makes it look like the player continues falling below y = 3 even though they remained at y = 3 on serverside. (Client was in no danger tho)


### **(V.2.4.4 Changes) (1.16.5 Minecraft)**

##### Blocks:
* Beeswax Planks texture is adjusted to look better when next to other Beeswax Planks.

* Attached a POI system to Brood Blocks placed and generated from here on out. Will be a stepping stone to optimizing Wrath of the Hive in 1.17.

##### Entities:
* Cleaned up Bee Feeding code a ton and added the_bumblezone:bee_feed_items item tag for players to add new items that can be fed to bees to heal them.

* Added the_bumblezone:wrath_activating_items_when_picked_up item tag so players can add/remove items that should anger bees when picked up.

* Added the_bumblezone:wrath_activating_blocks_when_mined block tag so players can specify what blocks, when mined, will make bees angry.
  Honey Blocks are now in this tag so they only anger bees when mined. Not when picked up now.

##### Mod Compat:
* Honey Apple and Honey bread from Buzzier Bees cna be fed to bees now.

* Fixed crash with my mod trying to spawn Carrier Bees's Bucket Entity from the Honeycomb Brood blocks.

##### Teleportation:
* Switched to the new Ender Pearl Teleport event from the old one as the old event is being removed by Forge in 1.17.

* Teleporting out of The Bumblezone is now much better optimized and has a bigger search radius for existing bee hive blocks.


### **(V.2.4.3 Changes) (1.16.5 Minecraft)**

##### Mixins:
* Cleaned up many mixins to prevent possible mixin conflicts with other mods.


### **(V.2.4.2 Changes) (1.16.5 Minecraft)**
  
##### Teleportation:
* Fixed issue where Enderpearl impacting beehives may not always work due to the impact coordinates being heavily offset from the actual impact.


### **(V.2.4.1 Changes) (1.16.5 Minecraft)**

##### Mod compat:
* Fixed Comb Cutter crashing when Resourceful Bees is not on.


### **(V.2.4.0 Changes) (1.16.5 Minecraft)**

##### Major:
* Now requires 36.0.42 Forge or newer as I am now using EntityAttributeCreationEvent to register entity attributes.

##### Dimension:
* The loud Bee buzzing sound was replaced with a much softer beehive buzzing! Easier on the ears!

* Music will play when you are in a Bumblezone Biome! The song that plays is Honey Bee by Rat Faced Boy.

##### Effects:
* Wrath of the Hive now plays music when triggered! The song that plays is a midi version of Flight of the Bumblebee by Rimsky Korsakov.

* Wrath of the Hive's default config value for duration is now 1680 and angry bee's strength config is lowered by one.

* When you have Wrath of the Hive, bees will now spawn in open space a bit away from you but will come chase you down! Grab your Bane of Arthropod sword!

* Bees now cannot get Wrath of the Hive effect to prevent them attacking each other.

* Drinking Honey Bottles no longer trigger Wrath of the Hive effect in Bumblezone's dimension.

* Mobs with Wrath of the Hive will now make Honeycomb Brood Blocks near them grow faster. Stay out of Bee Dungeons when you have the effect!
  
* Protection of the Hive's default config value for duration is now 1680.

Enchantments:
* Added Comb Cutter enchantment for Shears, Swords, and Resourceful Bees's Scrappers. 
  This enchantment will make mining all blocks with "comb" in the name much faster!
  And it will slightly increase mining speed for Hive, Nests, and Wax based blocks too.
  It will also increase the number of combs you get when shearing a BeeHive or BeeNest!

##### Entities:
* Using Honey Blocks on vanilla Slime mobs that are size 1 or 2 will turn them into Honey Slime mobs!
##### "the_bumblezone:turn_slime_to_honey_slime" item tag controls what item can do the conversion.

* Honey Slime now gets significant reduced fall damage when they are covered in honey!
  
##### Blocks:
* Fixed Honey Crystal block so that it rotates and mirrors properly when loaded from nbt files.

* Adjusted Empty Porous Honeycomb, empty Brood block, and non-empty Brood blocks's textures to try and reduce tiling issues a bit.

##### Items:
* Honey Crystal Shield's valid repair items is now controlled by the item tag: "the_bumblezone:honey_crystal_shield_repair_items"

* Added new music discs to play the two new music added to this mod! You can obtain the discs from Wandering Traders as a rare trade!
  
##### Translations:
* Removed English that was accidentally left in the Russian translations - by Alepod

##### Features:
* Optimized waterfall feature to use honeycombs_that_features_can_carve block tag.

* Bee Dungeon and Spider Infested Bee Dungeon code backend is significantly cleaned up and now uses processors to change blocks.

##### Mod Compat:
* Pokecube's Weedle, Combee, and Cutiefly evolution lines now spawn in Bumblezone! 

* If Pokecube is on, feeding Honey Brood Blocks will now have a chance of spawning a lvl 1 Weedle, Combee, or Cutiefly.

* Blacklisting any Bumblezone Biomes with Resourceful Bees's biome blacklist will prevent the bee from spawning at all in Bumblezone's Dimension.

* Resourceful Bees's Honey Blocks has a chance of showing up in Bee Dungeons or the holes in the walls of the dimension!
  Their Honey Blocks will now give Wrath of the Hive to players picking them up when inside The Bumblezone dimension.
  
* Reduced the spawnrates of many Resourceful Bees and Productive Bees honeycombs in The Bumblezone dimension and gave them new ranges that they can spawn at.

* Added Charm support so now their candles spawn in Bee Dungeons and Spider Infested Bee Dungeons!
  
* Several Bumblezone Items are now used in Charm's, ReosurcefulBees's, and Buzzier Bee's BeeKeeper/Apiarist trade offers!

* Carrier Bees's bees now cannot get Wrath of the Hive effect and gets properly angered too now when a mob gets the effect.


 (V.2.2.14 Changes) (1.16.5 Minecraft)
     
##### Mod Compat:
* Fixed Spider Dungeon crash if ResourcefulBees is on and not Productive Bees.

##### Teleportation:
* Throwing Enderpearl at Beehives will teleport you to dimension more consistently.
   
   
### **(V.2.2.13 Changes) (1.16.5 Minecraft)**
      
##### Blocks:
* Renamed the registry name of Brood Blocks from honeycomb_larva_block to honeycomb_brood_block.

* Renamed the registry name of Empty Brood Blocks from dead_honeycomb_larva_block to empty_honeycomb_brood_block. (fixes some having missing texture too if you used 2.2.12)
     
     
### **(V.2.2.12 Changes) (1.16.5 Minecraft)**
      
##### Translations:
* Special thanks to Alepod for the Russian translations!

##### Blocks:
* Honeycomb Brood Blocks now spawn child Bees and child Honey Slime mobs.

##### Items:
* Fixed Honey Slime Spawn Eggs not working with Dispensers and now use better code practices. 
    
##### Mod Compat:
* Special thanks to Vaerys-Dawn for improving Resourceful Bees compat in Bumblezone!
  Bees will now only spawn in Bumblezone if canSpawnInWorld is set to true in Resourceful Bees and 
  useSpawnInWorldConfigFromRB config in Bumblezone is set to true. Also added a new entity type tag 
  called blacklisted_resourceful_bees_entities.json that you can use to blacklist specific bees as well.
  
* Only Resourceful Bees Honeycombs of bees spawnable in Bumblezone will generate in the dimension now.

* Added PBBlacklistedBees config entry to allow users to blacklist what Productive Bees spawns in Bumblezone.

* Fixed spawnProductiveBeesHoneycombVariants config not preventing all Productive Bees combs from spawning in Bumblezone.

* Fixed Spider Dungeon grabbing Resourceful Bees comb instead of Productive Bees's in certain cases. 

* Fixed spawnResourcefulBeesHoneycombVariants config not preventing all Resourceful Bees combs from spawning in Bumblezone.
  
    
### **(V.2.2.11 Changes) (1.16.5 Minecraft)**
     
##### Dimension:
* Changed Enderpearl impact mixin to be Forge's EnderTeleportEvent instead to have better mod compat with mods replacing Enderpearls.
  However, due to a limitation of Forge's event, any modded Enderpearl (even those that doesn't replace vanilla's) will now teleport you to Bumblezone if it hits a beehive.

    
### **(V.2.2.10 Changes) (1.16.4 Minecraft)**
     
##### Dimension:
-Improved Bumblezone Bee AI to not stop in midair as often.
     
##### Config:
-Changed broodBlocksBeeSpawnCapacity so that it is not multiplied by 10 anymore for bee limit. 
 If it is set to 50 now, then the Brood blocks will not spawn more bees if 50 bees already exist.

  
### **(V.2.2.9 Changes) (1.16.4 Minecraft)**
     
##### Mod Compat:
-Productive Bees's Honey Treat item now can be fed to bees or Honeycomb Brood Blocks.

-Buzzier Bees compatibility is restored! Honey Wands can feed bees and Honeycomb Brood Blocks, take honey from blocks, 
 Crystallized Honey spawns in the dimension, Bottled Bees can restore Empty Honeycon Brood Blocks, and Candles spawn in Bee Dungeons!

##### Blocks:
-Added broodBlocksBeeSpawnCapacity config option to allow users to change the automatic bee spawning mechanics of Honeycomb Brood Blocks.

##### Dimension:
-Falling out of Bumblezone dimension to teleport out shouldn't deal fall damage now.

-Added onlyOverworldHivesTeleports config option to allow people to make it only possible to enter The Bumblezone from the Overworld.

-Vanilla Bees in The Bumblezone now have a new AI that makes them wander better, lag less, and not cluster on the ceiling anymore. (for Forge version only)

-Bees spawned from new chunks are less likely to be pollenated.

##### Teleportation:
-Fixed Teleportation mode 2 and 3 being broken and not saving previous pos and dims. 

##### Items:
-Fixed Honey Shield registering its Dispenser behavior twice.

##### Mixins:
-Prefixed all my accessor and invoker mixins due to this bug in mixins that could cause a crash with other mods for same named mixins.
 https://github.com/SpongePowered/Mixin/issues/430
 
##### Backend:
-Quite a bit of general cleaning up and switched from Yarn over MCP mappings to full MCP mappings.
  
  
### **(V.2.2.8 Changes) (1.16.4 Minecraft)**
   
##### Misc:
-Fixed various serverside crashes.
 
##### Dimension:
-Fixed Sugar Waterfalls only being placed in a single x/z column instead of spread out.

-Reduced Sugar Waterfall amount.

##### Teleportation:
-Added blacklisted_teleportable_hive_blocks.json tag file that datapacks can override.
  Add hive blocks to here if you don't want them to allow teleportation to the Bumblezone dimension.

##### Mod Compat:
-Added blacklisted_resourceful_bees_combs.json and blacklisted_productive_bees_combs.json
  tag files that datapacks can override. Add combs to these tags to blacklist them from being
  imported into the dimension.
  
-Now future combs that Productive Bees adds will be added to the dimension automatically.
   
##### Config:
-Moved the Mod Compat config file to be now per-startup instead of per-world.
  It can be found in the config folder next to the mods folder now.
  
-Removed the requiredBlockUnderHive config and instead, replaced it with the tag:
  the_bumblezone/tags/blocks/required_blocks_under_hive_to_teleport.json. Override
  this tag file with a datapack to change what blocks are needed under hives to allow
  teleportation.
  
### **(V.2.2.7 Changes) (1.16.4 Minecraft)**
   
##### Effects:
-Adjusted Wrath of the Hive to apply effects to bees with the duration equal to
  the remaining Wrath of the Hive time on the target. 
 
-Fixed bees being able to see through walls to find spiders and bears and not
  being able to see through walls for players making bees extra angry.
 
##### Dimension:
-Reduced mob cap a bit in The Bumblezone dimension to reduce amount of Bees due to lag.

 
### **(V.2.2.6 Changes) (1.16.4 Minecraft)**
   
##### Mod Compat:
-Fixed Resourceful Bees compat running way more than needed.

-Fixed unregistered ConfiguredFeatures from occurring from my code.

-Updated mod compat with Productive Bees v0.5.1.1 but dropped support for TileEntity based combs.

-Use Beehive tag for what block Enderpearls can hit to teleport to The Bumblezone dimension.


### **(V.2.2.5 Changes) (1.16.4 Minecraft)**
   
##### Items:
-Fixed particles and sounds being played twice for Empty Bucket, 
  Glass Bottle, and Honey Bottle when activated in a Dispenser.

 
### **(V.2.2.4 Changes) (1.16.4 Minecraft)**
   
##### Mod Compat:
-Fixed crash with Resourceful Bees if player disables their honeycombs.

  
### **(V.2.2.3 Changes) (1.16.4 Minecraft)**
   
##### Mod Compat:
-Now attempt to try and make sure Productive Bees honeycombs 
  does not try to be placed out of bounds. Also will now not 
  spawn any broken combs if that comb type is disabled in 
  Productive Bees.
  
-Fixed log spam about getting a Block Entity before it was made.

##### Misc:
-Removed logo blur from logo in mod list.
   
   
### **(V.2.2.2 Changes) (1.16.3 Minecraft)**
   
##### Mod compat:
-Fixed classloading issues.

-Fixed crash if Potion of Bees is on and Productive Bees is off.


### **(V.2.2.1 Changes) (1.16.3 Minecraft)**
   
##### Major:
-Register to Forge registry instead of vanilla due to a breaking 
  change done by Forge. Special thanks to andrew0030 for helping
  out with fixing this!

##### Dimension:
-Optimized the SurfaceBuilder and the caves a bit!
  The underwater block in the configured surfacebuilder json file
##### was changed from the_bumblezone:porous_honeycomb_block to 
##### the_bumblezone:filled_porous_honeycomb_block.
  
-Fixed bug where Honey Crystals could be floating from worldgen.
  
-Attempted to optimize cave code slightly. Cave shape changed a bit as a result.
 
##### Teleportation:
-Fixed teleportation mode 1 and 2 not having correct coordinates when exiting Bumblezone.

-Fixed Enderpearls not being removed when thrown and Bee Nest and causing people to teleport
  back into The Bumblezone immediately when they leave it.
 
##### Mod Compat:
-Fixed possible Dispenser issue if Potion of Bees's setup event is ran after mine.

-Fixed Resourceful Bees compat not running if Productive Bees is off.
  
  
### **(V.2.2.0 Changes) (1.16.3 Minecraft)**
   
##### Dimension:
-If you make a biome under the namespace of "the_bumblezone",
  that biome will now spawn in the Bumblezone dimension!!!

##### Mod Compat:
-Fixed crash with Resourceful Bees

-Added mod compat with Resourceful Bees! Use their Apairy or hive blocks to enter Bumblezone!
  Their bees spawn in the dimension and from the Honeycomb Brood Blocks! Their Honeycombs spawns
  in the dimension!
  
-Fixed possible crash with registering Dispenser Behaviors.
   
-Fixed bug where modded bees do not spawn when chunks are created in Bumblezone.

##### Bee Interactivity:
-Feeding bees now works again!

   
### **(V.2.1.1 Changes) (1.16.3 Minecraft)**
 
##### Dimension:
-Fixed SurfaceBuilder for BZ biomes being registered twice
  instead of once. Players will see no change other than 1
  less line in the latest.log file lol.
  
-Fixed an issue on my end with Biomes O Plenty on so now
  it will crash showing the real issue with BoP in the logs.
##### Still working on a real fix. Watch https://github.com/Glitchfiend/BiomesOPlenty/issues/1704
  for any progress.
 
-Trying to register biomes ahead of time to reserve their IDs. 
  Might help with a biome ID shifting issue with adding/removing mods or something.

 
### **(V.2.1.0 Changes) (1.16.3 Minecraft)**
 
##### Features:
-Adjusted Honey Crystals to make them spawn more often.

##### Teleportation:
-Fixed crash when exiting The Bumblezone at times.

-Fixed coordinate scaling not working properly when entering/exiting The Bumblezone.

##### Mod Compatibility:
-Updated Productive Bees compat to use their configurable bees and honeycombs.
  Support for their non-configurable bees and blocks was removed as they are 
  moving away from using them.
  
-Added mod support for Carrier Bees's bees!
  Their bees will now spawn in The Bumblezone when you have Wrath of the Hive!
  
-Potion of Bees is working as intended. 
  (They just ported so this was just me checking if the compat still works)
  
##### Dimension:
-Cleaned up the json format for the dimension's json file.

##### Misc:
-Cleaned up codebase a bit.


### **(V.2.0.5 Changes) (1.16.2 Minecraft)**
 
##### Lang:
-Added translation for Honey Slime mob name.

-Portuguese translations added by Mikeliro! Thank you!

-Added Simplified Chinese translation from Samekichi! Thank you!
   
##### Config:
-The status effect configs now reflect their true level of intensity.
  1 is now the minimum value instead of 0 as 0 actually was level 1.
  Absorption is now at the correct level to give 4 extra health instead
  of 8 which made bees too hard to kill.
   
   
### **(V.2.0.4 Changes) (1.16.2 Minecraft)**
 
##### Blocks:
-Fixed crash when mining Honeycomb Brood Block.

##### Mobs:
-Bees spawned in the Bumblezone will have a chance to be 
  pollinated no matter how they are spawned in the dimension.
  (Due to tiny performance improvement change done in backend)


### **(V.2.0.3 Changes) (1.16.2 Minecraft)**
 
##### Major:

* Fix crash at startup becuase I forgot to remove a refrence to a mixin I removed lmao.
  Never rush your fixes people!

### **(V.2.0.2 Changes) (1.16.2 Minecraft)**
 
##### Major:

* FIXED A SUPER WEIRD BUG THAT KILLED ALMOST ALL OTHER MODS
  WHEN A CERTAIN NUMBER OF MODS ARE PUT ON NEXT TO THE BUMBLEZONE.
  I'M SORRY!!! OTHER MODDERS, DO NOT CLASSLOAD DYNAMIC REGISTRY 
  IN YOUR MOD'S INITIALIZATION!!!

### **(V.2.0.1 Changes) (1.16.2 Minecraft)**
 
##### Major:

* Fixed crash on servers.

##### Mod Compatibility:

* Fixed crash when paired with another mod that registers unfinished mobs that crashes when created.
 
### **(V.2.0.0 Changes) (1.16.2 Minecraft)**
 
##### Major:

* UPDATED TO 1.16.2!! (Ported the 1.16.2 Fabric version to Forge)

* Removed compat with Buzzier Bees, Beesourceful, and Potion of Bees as they are not on 1.16.2 yet.

* Added Honey Slime mob natively to this mod which was donated by the Buzzier Bees dev Bagel! 

* Added Beeswax Planks block to be placed on the Bumblezone dimension's ceiling and floor boundaries.

* See Fabric Bumblezone changelog for more details of changes done in 1.16+.
 