
<div align = center>

# Changelog <br> Version 3

<br>
<br>

[<kbd>  3.2.1  </kbd>](#3--2--1)  
[<kbd>  3.2.0  </kbd>](#3--2--0)  
[<kbd>  3.1.3  </kbd>](#3--1--3)  
[<kbd>  3.1.2  </kbd>](#3--1--2)  
[<kbd>  3.1.1  </kbd>](#3--1--1)  
[<kbd>  3.1.0  </kbd>](#3--1--0)

[<kbd>  3.0.0  </kbd>](#3--0--0)

</div>

<br>
<br>

## 3 . 2 . 1

[`Minecraft 1.16.5`][🎮 1.16.5]

<br>

##### Mod Compatibility

-   Added compat with Inspirations's honey buckets so it can be fed to bees and stuff.
    Inspirations mod: https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/inspirations
    

-   Added allowHoneyFluidTanksFeedingCompat config option that works alongside the bee_feeding item tag.
    Any item with a Forge fluid capability attached and has a fluid tagged as forge:fluids/honey inside, will now be able
    to be fed to bees and have all the same behavior as bee_feeding item tag. This works for items that are not in that tag too.
    The config is in the mod compat config file and is set to true by default.
    

<br>
<br>

## 3 . 2 . 0

[`Minecraft 1.16.5`][🎮 1.16.5]

<br>

##### Items

-   Added Bee Bread which can be crafted from pollen puff and honey bottles (or 3 pollen puff + honey bucket)
    When fed to bees or Beehemoth, it will grant Beenergized effect and make them go faster for 5 minutes! 
    Feed them multiple times to increase the flying speed boost up to level 3 where bees goes zoom!
    When player eats the item, it acts as a better food source than honey bottle but does not cure player of poison.
    Player will get Beenergized effect as well but only to level 1 and nausea for a few seconds.
    

<br>

##### Blocks

-   Honeycomb Brood Blocks has a chance of dropping Bee Bread when broken.

<br>

##### Entities

-   Beehemoth is now immune to block suffocation damage for a bit after teleporting to and from the bumblezone.
    (Uses portal cooldown to know when to be invincible to block suffocation)
    

-   Beehemoth now reads both Flying Speed attribute and flyingSpeed field when riding the mob or it is randomly flying around. 
    (changes to flyingSpeed field overrides Flying Speed attribute changes)
    

-   Beehemoth will no longer become untamed when friendship reached 0 or below. Instead, it'll retain its owner but still 
    prevent any riding until it is feed to bring its friendship above 0.
    

<br>

##### Effects

-   Beenergized effect is now added! This will increase the flying speed of any mob it is affecting.
    If on player, it does not have any effect it seems.
    

<br>
<br>

## 3 . 1 . 3

[`Minecraft 1.16.5`][🎮 1.16.5]

<br>

##### Teleportation

-   Sped up an edge case with teleporting.

-   Took an extra precaution against riding entities when exiting bumblezone could cause issues/

<br>
<br>

## 3 . 1 . 2

[`Minecraft 1.16.5`][🎮 1.16.5]

<br>

##### Teleportation

-   Fixed bug where setting Teleportation Mode to 2 or 3 and trying to exit Bumblezone on an entity that originated from Bumblezone would spawn player under Bedrock in Overworld.

<br>
<br>

## 3 . 1 . 1

[`Minecraft 1.16.5`][🎮 1.16.5]

<br>

##### Entities

-   Beehemoth will now stay still when crouch right-clicked like how you make dogs and cats sit. 
    If it is sitting, shift right click with empty hand to remove saddle. Shift right click while holding any item to make it unsit (or ride it to unsit)
    To feed Beehemoth, just right click while holding any honey feeding item. No crouching needed.
    

-   Right clicking Beehemoth without crouching will always make you ride the mob. No longer need an empty hand.

<br>

##### Language

-   Added english translations for advancements to the other language files so the translation keys don't show.

<br>
<br>

## 3 . 1 . 0

[`Minecraft 1.16.5`][🎮 1.16.5]

<br>

##### Advancements

-   Added new advancements for this mod to add some progression and high xp rewards! 
    Note: Progress or conditions met before this update will not contribute towards the new advancements.
    

<br>

##### Configs

-   Significantly cleaned up the config system backend code for my mod. Let me know if any config no longer works but it should be ok!

<br>

##### Entities

-   Fixed Honey Buckets not able to convert Slime into Honey Slime. (Was an issue with the tag that controls what blocks can convert Slime)

-   Fixed Honey Slime scaling for adult to not be massive.

-   Fixed Honey Slime not giving Honey Bottle when harvested with Glass Bottle.

-   Honey Slimes have a bit more health, a bit more attack power, and will jump faster and higher when angry as well as stay angry longer.

-   Killing adult Honey Slimes with looting enchantment may drop Sugar and/or Slime Balls. 
    Before, it was the child that had this feature instead of the adult by mistake.
    

<br>

##### Effects

-   Protection of the Hive on the player will now be removed if you hurt a Bee outside The Bumblezone dimension.

<br>

##### Recipes

-   Renamed the_bumblezone:beeswax_planks_to_bee_nests recipe json to the_bumblezone:beehive_beeswax_to_bee_nest.

<br>

##### Mod Compatibility

-   Added code to skip compat with v1.16.5-7.1.1 Caves and Cliffs Backport mod because that version crashes Bumblezone. 
    Please use and older or newer version of that mod to enable compat with their candles again.
    

<br>
<br>

## 3 . 0 . 0

[`Minecraft 1.16.5`][🎮 1.16.5]

<br>

##### Configs

-   NOTE: all configs have been renamed and moved from the world's config folder to a 'the_bumblezone' folder in the main config folder above the mods folder.
    This is to help prevent confusion and make it easier for beginners to find the config files.
    If you have edited the config files in the world save's config folder, you'll have to move your changes over to the new config file location.
    Sorry about that but it is for the best for ease of finding and organization instead of having configs scattered all over.
    

<br>

##### Teleportation

-   Redid a bunch of teleportation code so now riding any mob or vehicle will still allow teleportation out of the Bumblezone.
    And you can teleport into the Bumblezone while riding a vehicle if you use the piston pushing into beehive method.
    

<br>

##### Entities

-   Shy's transbee texture and other LGBT+ textures are now applied to 2% of vanilla bees!
    Her resourcepack can be downloaded separate here if you want transbees without Bumblezone on: https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/texture-packs/shy-trans-bee
    

<br>

##### Language

-   Updated ru_ru.json translations. Thank you Bytegm!

<br>
<br>

<!----------------------------------------------------------------------------->

[🎮 1.16.5]: https://minecraft.fandom.com/wiki/Java_Edition_1.16.5
