### **(V.4.3.6 Changes) (1.18.1 Minecraft)**

##### Dimension:
Fixed Bumblezone Dimension not using the random world seed.
May produce chunk borders when loading into the dimension if created with past versions of Bumblezone.

##### Teleportation:
Fixed teleportation getting screwed up when riding mobs and exiting Bumblezone. It should now use the controlling entity for destination instead of vehicle's data.
Hopefully there's no more teleportation bugs...

##### Misc:
Fixed Bumblezone crash when other mods create a null entity somehow for whatever cursed reason.


### **(V.4.3.5 Changes) (1.18.1 Minecraft)**

##### Entities:
When riding tamed Beehemoths, holding Caps Lock button will make the mob fly downward while Space will continue to move the mob up upward.
The keys for moving up or down can be changed in the Options -> Controls -> Key Binds menu.

Fixed issue where if multiple Beehemoths are around, the Beehemoths on the ground may have legs rendered in incorrect position.

##### Blocks:
Honey Cocoon now will lose items much faster when waterlogged with water above as well.

When Honey Cocoon consumes specific honey items to revive Empty Honeycomb Blocks inside, the ejected container of the consumed item will be dropped and should be the correct item this time.
(Example: glass bottle for consumed potions if you added potions to the bee_feeding_items item tag)

Honey Cocoon's inventory screen is now orange.

##### Recipes:
Improved the the_bumblezone:container_shapeless_recipe_bz recipe type so that it converts certain vanilla items into their containers properly.
Example: Powder Snow Bucket does not have a container set so I have to hardcode that it should be turned to an empty bucket if used with this recipe type.
This doesn't change anything in base Bumblezone. Just may help datapackers make recipes with Bumblezone work properly and have correct containers left behind after crafting.

##### Items:
Fixed captions when flying when Bumble Bee Chestplate.


### **(V.4.3.4 Changes) (1.18.1 Minecraft)**

##### Blocks:
Fixed Honey Cocoon not allowing any items to be placed inside correctly.

##### Entities:
Fixed tamed Beheemoths always following owner regardless of if owner is holding Honey Bucket or not.


### **(V.4.3.3 Changes) (1.18.1 Minecraft)**

##### Lang:
Added ja_jp.json lang file donated by a fan! Thank you all!

##### Blocks:
When washing away Honey Webs/Residues with water related items (buckets, bottles, wet sponge), the phantom swoop sound is now replaced with boat paddle water sound.

Honey Cocoons now keep their names when placed and picked up again.

Honey Cocoons now has a tooltip that shows what items they have inside when hovering over them in inventory.

Breaking or mining a Honey Cocoon that has a loot table before loot is generated will now generate the loot.

Honey Cocoons will now be dropped when broken in creative mode.

##### Items:
Added JEI descriptions for the two Bumblezone music discs: Honey Bee Rat Faced Boy disc and Flight of the Bumblebee Rimsky Korsakov disc.

##### Enchantments:
Fixed Potent Poison not applying to victim if they are hit by a thrown Trident with the enchantment while in survival.

##### Entities:
Tamed Beehemoth will now only follow their owners with Honey Buckets and no one else.
They will also fly fast to their owners holding Honey Buckets up to 200 blocks away even without a line of sight!


### **(V.4.3.2 Changes) (1.18.1 Minecraft)**

##### Blocks:
Honey Cocoon block now cannot be placed into Shulker Boxes.

Honey Cocoon block only allows other blocks to take or add items through the top of the Honey Cocoon block.

Honey Cocoon's item form now only stacks if it is empty. If it is holding items inside, it cannot stack like Shulker Boxes.

Shulker Boxes cannot be put into Honey Cocoon now and Honey Cocoon cannot be put into Shulker Boxes too.

##### Entities:
Improved animation so Beehemoth is still when on ground.

##### Lang:
Fixed lang entry for Thrown Stinger Spear entity.


### **(V.4.3.1 Changes) (1.18.1 Minecraft)**

##### Items:
Fixed Sugar Water Bottle being able to cure poison effect. (Was accidentally using Honey Bottle class for it... oops)

Fixed bucket/bottle duplication when crafting Sugar Water Bucket or converting Honey Bucket to Honey Bottles and vice versa.


### **(V.4.3.0 Changes) (1.18.1 Minecraft)**

##### Dimension:
The coordinate scale has been shrunk from 10 to 4.
Now exiting Bumblezone at 100, -3, 1000 will put you around 400, ?, 4000 in the destination dimension.

Teleportation mode 2 (selectable in config) has been fixed so that it properly places players in their destination without coordinate scaling done.

Tighten up and improved the Enderpearl collision checking code so it detects that it hit bee hive/bee nests better.
Before, due to speed of the pearl, it could think it hit the air before the actual hive block.
Now velocity is taken into account to get true hit position.

##### Blocks:
Added Honey Cocoon which is a new storage block! Found in Cell Maze structure, Honeycomb Cave structure, and Bee Dungeons.
They turn Empty Honeycomb Brood Blocks into filled Brood Blocks if they are inside this cocoon with a bee feeding item like Honey Bottles over time!
If waterlogged with water above, they will slowly drop items above over time.
When broken, they drop themselves and all items unless you use Silk Touch, then they keep their items inside like Shulker Boxes do.

Fixed some honey filled blocks not consuming Glass Bottles when collecting Honey Bottles from the blocks.

Tall stacks of Pile of Pollen blocks now will hide entities inside them by giving them the new Hidden effect.
Monsters will now have to be closer to see the player buried in Pile of Pollen.
However, once seen, the monsters will not be fooled if you dive back into the Pile of Pollen.
Effective for hiding from swarms of angry bees.

Fixed Pile of Pollen sometimes not removing the FallingBlockEntity instance of itself from the client.

Sticky Honey Residue/Redstone's collision shape is now cached so it has better performance.

Sticky Honey Residue/Redstone no longer extend VineBlock now.

Sticky Honey Residue/Redstone now has particle effects (dripping honey particle and the redstone version has redstone particles when powered)

Fixed Sugar Water Block not being able to waterlog some of Bumblezone's blocks like Honey Crystals.

Fixed Honey Sticky Webs and Honey Sticky Residue attaching an empty tag to held items when right clicked which was preventing that item from stacking.

##### Fluids:
Fixed crash if Bumblezone's Honey Fluid touches Productive Bee's Honey Fluid.

##### Items:
Stinger Spear item is added! They are rare throwable weapons found in Cell Maze structure.
Can be repaired by Flint and inflicts short weak poison on any non-undead mob it hits.
Has 1 dedicated enchantment for it called Neurotoxins. See Enchantment section for more info.

Stingless Bee Helmet is added!
When couching, all Bees and Beehemoths will be glowing for you.
Nausea effect duration will also decrease twice as fast when this armor is on.
Can be repaired by Honeycomb, Leather, Wool, or Rabbit Hide.
While having all 3 bee armor on, the bee outlining range will be increased and will remain glowing for a brief time after standing up.
Furthermore, with the 3 armor on, Nausea effect duration will decrease much faster and now Poison effect duration will decrease twice as fast.

Bumble Bee Chestplate is added!
This clothing lets you be able to fly for a short period of time by holding the jump button anytime after jumping!
Getting Beenergized effect will improve flight! Can be repaired by Honeycomb, Leather, Wool, or Rabbit Hide.
Flight time will be further boosted if all 3 bee armor is on!

Honey Bee Leggings is added!
It resists slowness from many Bumblezone blocks that cause slowness and can collect pollen from flowers or Pile of Pollens!
Crouch to spawn a Pollen Puff when full of pollen.
Can be repaired by Honeycomb, Leather, Wool, or Rabbit Hide.
If all three bee armor is on, chance of collecting pollen from flowers is improved and Slowness effect duration will decrease twice as fast now!

Honey Crystal Shields now have an internal "ShieldLevel" nbt to keep track of its strength.
The shield level is increased by 1 each time the shield has more than 1/5th of its durability repaired.
The maximum shield level now is 10 and shields now start with more durability initially.
Legacy Honey Crystal Shields obtained before this update should automatically be converted to the new shield level system based on their RepairCost.

Honey Crystal Shield has a chance of being disabled by axes instead of always being disabled by axes. Matches vanilla shield behavior.

Bee Bread can now always be eaten even when hunger bar is full.

##### Enchantments:
Neurotoxins enchantment added that only applies to Stinger Spear item. (Max enchantment level is 2)
Will cause the weapon to have a chance of causing Paralysis Effect on non-undead mobs for 5 seconds per enchantment level.
Has a lower chance of paralyzing if the mob has more health remaining with 10% chance at its lowest.
Every hit that does not cause paralysis will increase the chance of the next hit causing paralysis.

Potent Poison enchantment is available for all trident-like items including Stinger Spear. (Max enchantment level is 3)
When the weapon hits a non-undead mob, it inflicts poison effect on them with higher enchantment levels increasing
the duration and level 3 increases the poison level. If on Stinger Spear, the level of poison is increased by an extra level.

Fixed Comb Cutter showing up for invalid items in the Enchantment Table.

##### Entities:
Fixed Honey Slime bounding boxes.

Fixed Honey Slime not following creative mode players with Sugar in hand.

Fixed Beehemoth not being Arthropod mob type in backend.
Bane of Arthropod enchantment now should inflect more damage on Beehemoth.

##### Structures:
Added Cell Maze structure to all Bumblezone biomes! It will inflict Wrath of the Hive on you if you enter it without Protection of the Hive effect.
Enjoy the fun loot and exploration of this small maze-like structure!

Pollinated Stream structure is now more common in Pollinated Fields and Pollinated Pillar biomes.
Land will be made around this structure now to help prevent it from floating in midair.

##### Bee Aggression:
Fixed bees not getting automatically angry at bugs and bears in the Bumblezone dimension.

Fixed up the checks for what mobs are bears or non-bee arthropods so that they get Wrath of the Hive in Bumblezone dimension.
The new checks are much safer and shouldn't break other mods anymore.
It may also be better and not have as many false positives/negatives.

Bees fed and calmed while having Wrath of the Hive will now apply Protection of the Hive right away.

##### Effects:
Protection of the Hive will no longer be removed when taking honey from blocks picking up/mining various honey blocks.
HOWEVER, hitting a bee or mining/taking honey from Honeycomb Brood Blocks will still remove Protection of the Hive.

Hidden effect is added which is given to entities hiding in Pile of pollen.
It reduces range of sight fo hostiles to see the hidden mob.

Paralysis effect is added and is caused by Neurotoxins enchantment right now. This sets the mob's immobile method
to return true which causes many mobs to stand still. They will also shake when paralyzed and give off yellow particle effects.
Some mobs may be able to still do some actions such as Witches drinking potions.

##### Teleportation:
Fixed Piston teleportation no longer working when `REQUIRED_BLOCKS_UNDER_HIVE_TO_TELEPORT` block tag is non-empty.

##### Advancements:
Added more Advancements and moved some around to different branches.

##### Configs:
Added beehemothTriggersWrath config option. It is set to false by default.
If turned on, any mobs that hurts a Beehemoth and is not the owner of the Beehemoth, that mob will get Wrath of the Hive effect.

Added playWrathOfHiveEffectMusic config option to allow players to turn off the music that plays when you have Wrath of the Hive effect.

Default teleportation mode in config is changed from 1 to 3.


### **(V.4.2.1 Changes) (1.18.1 Minecraft)**

##### Teleportation:
Fixed beehives/beenest so that any Y value can still get players into The Bumblezone.


### **(V.4.2.0 Changes) (1.18.1 Minecraft)**

##### Blocks:
Added Honey Web and Sticky Honey Web blocks! They are crafted from 3 Sticky Honey Reside or 3 Sticky Honey Redstone in a row.
They act like the residue forms but instead, can be placed to create a wall of stickiness without being attached to a block surface.

Sticky Honey Residue and Sticky Honey Redstone now give a temporary slowness status effect.

Sticky Honey Residue and Sticky Honey Redstone collision checking is optimized a bit better.

Fixed issue where Sticky Honey Residue could spawn in midair during worldgen.

##### Items:
Fixed Pollen Puff able to replace non-replaceable non-solid blocks when thrown inside the space for that block.

Buffed the slowness that Honey Crystal Shield gives physical attackers.

##### Fluids:
Adjusted Honey Fluid texture slightly.

##### Entities:
Beehemoth now has a buzzing sound when flying!

##### Biomes:
Walls of Honey Web now spawns in the caves of Bumblezone!

##### Misc:
Fixed a client-sided mixin trying to load on servers.

##### Dimension:
Lowered volume of ambient buzzing sound in Bumblezone dimension.


### **(V.4.1.1 Changes) (1.18.1 Minecraft)**

##### Misc:
Tried fixing an issue where other mod's fake players or something is crashing Bumblezone. I think? It's cursed and hard to debug.


### **(V.4.1.0 Changes) (1.18.1 Minecraft)**

##### Major:
Now hard depends on Feature NBT Deadlock Be Gone mod to prevent deadlocks with Bumblezone's worldgen caused by vanilla bug.

##### Entities:
Added specialBeeSpawning and nearbyBeesPerPlayerInBz config options which makes Bumblezone handle
spawning and despawning vanilla bees in its dimension entirely. This config makes this mod try to
always have a set number of vanilla bees near the player as often as possible to make the dimension feel full.
Vanilla bees that are too far from player will be forcefully despawned unless the bee is name tagged, persistent, or has a hive associated with it.

Fixed Honey Slime not being honey filled for 1 frame after being spawned.

##### Fluids:
Fixed weird interactions with modded fluids bordering Bumblezone's fluids.
Such as Honey Fluid turning any water-tagged modded fluid into Sugar Water regardless of that that other fluid is.
Solution was more tags.
the_bumblezone:fluids/convertible_to_sugar_water
forge:fluids/visual/honey
forge:fluids/visual/water

##### Structures:
Fixed Honey Cave Room and Pollinated Streams not spawning.

##### Features:
Bee Dungeon and Spider Infested Bee Dungeon spawns again now.

Sticky Honey Residue now spawns in patches in The Bumblezone dimension.

##### Mod Compat:
Mod compat with Productive Bees is now back and better balanced now! More config options are available.

Mod compat with Pokecube is back again!


### **(V.4.0.1 Changes) (1.18.1 Minecraft)**

##### Blocks:
Undid a mixin for Honey Fluid rendering to use an old and fragile mixin instead. Reason is modifyArgs mixin is broken in
Forge and when I tried to use modifyArg with storing values I need in a field, it broke rendering Honey Fluid as it is not threadsafe.

Fixed Honey Fluid bottom not rendering when it is slowly falling onto an opaque block.

Fixed Honey Fluid falling faster if there is neighboring Honey Fluid that is also falling.

##### Items:
Fixed Pollen Puff not growing a Pile of Pollen if thrown through a tall stack.

##### Mod Compat:
Fixed crash with some mods asking for getBaseHeight from Bumblezone's chunk generator.


### **(V.4.0.0 Changes) (1.18.1 Minecraft)**

##### Major:
Ported to 1.18.1!

##### Biomes:
Now has ambient pollen particles.

##### Items:
Fixed some bugs with Pollen Puff and Pile of Pollen.
