### **(V.5.1.3 Changes) (1.18.2 Minecraft)**

##### Items:
Bee Cannon fires bees slightly lower so they do not block the entire player vision briefly.

##### Misc:
Make the special bee spawning mechanic in Bumblezone Dimension ignore FakePlayers created by other mods.
Just a precaution check that might help performance if a mod is making a ton of FakePlayers in the dimension.


### **(V.5.1.2 Changes) (1.18.2 Minecraft)**

##### Misc:
Fixed server crash due to me accidentally having clientside code in the wrong place for Honey Compass.


### **(V.5.1.1 Changes) (1.18.2 Minecraft)**

##### Armor:
Quick fix to make Stingless Bee Helmet only put bee on head if the main currently used hand is empty. Not the offhand.


### **(V.5.1.0 Changes) (1.18.2 Minecraft)**

##### Items:
Honey Compass is now added! When right clicked on beehives/bee nests, it will keep track of the block's position!
When you right click the air in Bumblezone dimension, it seems to point to some sort of structure...
Crafted from 1 Compass, 1 Pollen Puff, 1 Honey Bucket, and 1 Honey Crystal Shard.
Can be sometimes found in Honey Cocoons in Bee Dungeons, Spider Infested Bee Dungeons, or Honey Cave Room structures.

Bee Cannon is added now! This cannon lets you store bees you right click into the item up to 3 bees.
If you hold right button and then release, you fire the bees! Any non-bee mob you are looking at will be attacked by the bees!
This can be crafted from Sugar Infused Stone (s), Sugar Infused Cobblestone (c), and Gunpowder (g) in this shape:
s s
sgs
csc

Making Honey Bucket and turning Honey Buckets into Honey Bottles now requires 4 bottles instead of 3.
Prevents duplication bugs with other mods that assumes bottles are 1:4 ratio to buckets.

Play the missing glass pickup sound when using Glass Bottles on Honey Fluid source blocks.

##### Armor:
Added Carpenter Bee Boots! These boots will automine many kinds of wood, beehive, honeycomb blocks that you are standing on when you hold crouch down!
The boots can be enchanted with the normal boot enchantments but can also be enchanted with Efficiency, Silk Touch, and Fortune.
To go with Efficiency, the boots also mines faster when you have the full bee armor set on or have Beenergized status effect. These speeds do stack.
The boots will also let you briefly hang on walls made of wood, beehive, or honeycomb blocks allowing you to wall jump or wall run!
Both of these behaviors are controlled by these two block tags that determine what to mine or what to wall hang on:
`the_bumblezone:carpenter_bee_boots_climbables` and `the_bumblezone:carpenter_bee_boots_mineables`

Stingless Bee Helmet is now buffed to reduce Poison status effect time slowly even when you do not have the full bee armor set.
If full armor is on, then it halves the Poison status effect time.

Stingless Bee Helmet now lets you put any entity that extends BeeEntity onto your head by right clicking the mob with an empty hand!
The bee will leave your head if you take damage, crouch, go underwater, has Wrath of the Hive effect, or 30 seconds passes.
If full bee armor is on, the 30 second timer is disabled!

Honey Bee Leggings is now buffed to reduce Slowness status effect time slowly even when you do not have the full bee armor set.
If full armor is on, then it halves the Slowness status effect time.
Also fixed the Slowness effect timer not showing the correct sped up time when the leggings is active.

Added stat entries for all bee armor to the Statistics screen you can find when you pause the game.

Fixed issue where Bee armor pants and chestplate may not show the right animation/models based on itemstack nbt state.
(My model cache wasn't correctly done)

##### Dimension:
Fixed the terrain for Bumblezone dimension so it looks much closer to the terrain of 1.17 and older Bumblezone.

##### Entities:
Added null world check to checking if bees should be angry at spawned entities.
Prevents crash with mods that create an entity with a null world. Don't ask why...

##### Fluids:
Fixed Honey Fluid deleting regular waterlogged blocks next to it.

##### Config:
Added enableExitTeleportation and enableEntranceTeleportation config options to let
players disable Bumblezone's teleportation methods into and out of the Bumblezone dimension.


### **(V.5.0.11 Changes) (1.18.2 Minecraft)**

##### Items:
Fixed all items consuming behaviors for all Bumblezone stuff.
(Example: Glass bottle on Filled Porous Honeycomb block, Honey Fluid, and Sugar water. And when feeding items to Beehemoth/Bees)

##### Structures:
Significantly cleaned up the outer looks of Cell Maze structure.


### **(V.5.0.10 Changes) (1.18.2 Minecraft)**

##### Controls:
Fixed potential keybind issues with Beehemoth flying upward control being bound to spacebar by default.
(It will remain spacebar but now should not prevent jumping from working in rare cases)
Also slightly reduced amount of packets sent when controlling Beehemoth.


### **(V.5.0.9 Changes) (1.18.2 Minecraft)**

##### Structures:
Cell maze structure is now significantly larger and can have multiple floors. They only spawn at sealevel now.

##### Sounds:
Fixed Bumblezone Music Discs not playing music.

##### Mod Compat:
Added recipes to make Bumblezone's enchantments be craftable with Token Enchanter mod's tokens.

##### Lang:
Fixed throwing Pollen Puff now having translated captions.


### **(V.5.0.8 Changes) (1.18.2 Minecraft)**

##### Mod Compat:
Added compat with Beekeeper Villager from Friends and Foes mod. Bumblezone items will appear in Beekeeper's trades. This can be turned off in Bumblezone's mod compat config.


### **(V.5.0.7 Changes) (1.18.2 Minecraft)**

##### Misc:
Fixed honey buckets/honey bottles not giving their empty bucket/bottle if they are a stack of 1 and are used on Porous Honeycomb Block or fed to bees.


### **(V.5.0.6 Changes) (1.18.2 Minecraft)**

##### Bees:
Bees have a small chance of wearing a rare Ukraine flag pajamas!

##### Misc:
Now requires Forge 40.0.20 or newer. Removed a mixin that is unneeded now.


### **(V.5.0.5 Changes) (1.18.2 Minecraft)**

##### Teleportation:
Fixed teleportation mode 2 and 3 so that they actually spawn you at the original position you were at in the non-Bumblezone dimension when you entered Bumblezone.

Fixed teleportation mode 2 and 3 not replacing blocks with air if it was going to spawn you inside a block when exiting Bumblezone.

##### Mod Compat:
Made Productive Bees's Sugarbag Honeycomb item be able to be fed to bees to heal and get Protection of the Hive.


### **(V.5.0.4 Changes) (1.18.2 Minecraft)**

##### Teleportation:
Fixed teleportation mode 1 and 3 to spawn to closest beenest properly if there's multiple nearby when exiting Bumblezone

##### Mod Compat:
Added support for Just Enough Effect Descriptions mod so Bumblezone's effects now have a description.


### **(V.5.0.3 Changes) (1.18.2 Minecraft)**

##### Subtitles:
Added correct subtitles for Honey Slime, drinking Sugar Water Bottle, throwing pollen Puff, and washing away Honey Residue/Webs.


### **(V.5.0.2 Changes) (1.18.2 Minecraft)**

##### Dimension:
Adjusted terrain to be closer to 1.18.1 Bumblezone terrain. Not perfect tho.


### **(V.5.0.1 Changes) (1.18.2 Minecraft)**

##### Mod Compat:
Turned back on Productive Bees compat!

##### Features:
Fixed bug where Bee Dungeons can be slightly below sealevel.


### **(V.5.0.0 Changes) (1.18.2 Minecraft)**

##### Major:
Ported to 1.18.2
